Adding material reference (HiPACE++ workshop 2023) in documentation (#1214)
Hi-PACE/hipace: docs/source/index.rst

- Adaptive time step and sub-cycling
- Additional physics (field ionization, binary collisions, temperature effects, radiation reaction)

> For details on the algorithms that HiPACE++ implements, see the `HiPACE++ workshop slides (2023) <https://indico.desy.de/event/40158/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on the algorithms in HiPACE++, see the `HiPACE++ workshop slides (2023) <https://indico.desy.de/event/40158/>`__. Although the algorithms and input parameters may have changed since then, this should provide a good introduction on the methods.
```
